Added how to configure and use conditions on Workflows in Umbraco Forms (#6363)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-forms/editor/attaching-workflows/README.md

To use data from the submitted Form in your workflow, head over to the [Magic Strings](../../developer/magic-strings.md) article and learn more about how that's done.

### Configuring Condition on a Workflow

> You can apply conditions to a workflow that trigger it only under specific circumstances. After adding the desired workflow type (for example, sending an email), you can add a condition to the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply conditions to a workflow to ensure it only triggers under specific circumstances. You could as an example enable a condition that enables sending an email only if an email is added.
```
